Article 63. Commutation of sentence 
1. If a person who is sentenced to community sentence, determinate imprisonment, or life 
imprisonment has served the sentence for a sufficient period of time, shows improvements, and 
has fulfilled part of the civil liability, the Court, at the request of a competent criminal sentence 
execution authority, might issue a decision on commutation of the sentence.The convict must serve the sentence for a sufficient period of time which is one third of the 
duration of community sentence or determinate imprisonment, or 12 years of the life sentence. 
2. A person might receive more than one commutation. Nevertheless, at least half of the sentence 
must be served. 
The first commutation of a life sentence shall be 30-year imprisonment. Nevertheless, a life 
sentence must be served for at least 20 years in reality regardless of the number of 
commutations. 
3. If a person is convicted of multiple crimes and the sentence for one of which is life 
imprisonment, the Court may only give the first commutation to 30-year imprisonment after the 
convict has served the sentence for 15 years.  Nevertheless, he/she must serve the sentence for at 
least 25 years in reality regardless of the number of commutations. 
4. If a person who has received a commutation commits a new crime that is less serious, the 
Court may only give the first commutation after he/she has served haft of the combined sentence. 
5. If a person who has received a commutation commits a new crime that is serious, very serious, 
or extremely serious, the Court may only give the first commutation after he/she has served two 
thirds of the combined sentence. If the combined sentence is life, commutation shall be 
considered in accordance with Clause 3 of this Article. 
6. With regard a person who is sentenced to death and receives a commutation, or a person 
sentenced to death in the case specified in Point b or Point c Clause 3 Article 40 hereof, the first 
commutation may only be given after the convict has served the sentence for 25 years. 
Nevertheless, he/she must serve the sentence for at least 30 years in reality. 
