Article 66. Conditional parole 
1. A person serving an imprisonment sentence (prisoner) may be granted parole when all of the 
following conditions are satisfied: 
a) The prisoner does not have prior criminal record; 
b) The prisoner she shows remarkable improvements; 
c) The prisoner convicted of a serious crime, very serious crime, or extremely serious crime has 
received a commutation; 
d) The prisoner has a fixed residence; 
dd) The prisoner has paid fines, legal costs, and civil compensation in full; 
e) The prisoner has served at least half of determinate imprisonment or at least 15 years of life 
imprisonment commuted to determinate imprisonment. 
A prisoner who is a wounded soldier, sick soldier, member of a martyr's family, aged 70 or older, 
a person suffers from a serious physical disability or extremely serious physical disability, a 
woman raising a child under 36 months of age must serve at least one third of determinate 
imprisonment or at least 12 years of a life imprisonment sentence commuted to determinate 
imprisonment; 
g) The offence is not committed in any of the cases specified in Clause 2 of this Article. 
2. Parole shall not be granted to: 
a) any prisoner that is convicted of an offence against national security; terrorism, disruption of 
peace, crimes against humanity, war crimes; any person sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment or 
longer for deliberate infliction of harm to human life, health, or dignity; any person sentenced to 
7 years' imprisonment for robbery, kidnapping for ransom, illegal manufacturing, trading, 
appropriation of narcotic substances; 
b) any person sentenced to death and granted commutation or any person in the case specified in 
Clause 3 Article 40 hereof. 
3. At the request of a competent criminal sentence execution authority, the Court shall decide 
granting parole. The person granted parole must fulfill his/her obligations during the probation 
period. The probation period equals (=) the remaining duration of the imprisonment sentence. 
4. If the person granted parole deliberately fails to fulfill his/her obligations twice or more or 
receives 02 or more administrative penalties during the probation period, the Court might cancel 
the parole and force him/her to keep serving the sentence. 
If such person commits a new crime during the probation period, the Court shall force him/her to 
serve a combined sentence of the unserved sentenced and the new sentence as prescribed in 
Article 56 hereof.5. After the person granted parole has served half of the probation period and shows remarkable 
improvements, at the request of the competent criminal sentence execution authority, the Court 
shall consider reducing the probation period. 
