Article 62. Exemption from serving sentences 
1. A convict shall be exempt from serving his/her sentence in the event of a parole or general 
amnesty. 
2. The Court, at the request of Director of the Procuracy, might exempt a person who is 
sentenced to community sentence or imprisonment of up to 03 years and has not served that 
sentence from serving the sentence in any of the following cases: 
a) The convict has made reparation in an effort to atone for the crime after being convicted; 
b) The convict has a fatal disease; 
c) The convict abides by law, his/her family is facing extreme hardship, and he/she is considered 
no longer dangerous to society. 
3. The Court, at the request of Director of the Procuracy, might exempt a person who is 
sentenced to imprisonment of over 03 years and has not served that sentence from serving the 
sentence if he/she has made reparation in an effort to atone for the crime or has a fatal disease 
and considered no longer dangerous to society. 
4. If a person who is sentenced to imprisonment of up to 03 years, has had the sentence 
suspended, and has made reparation in an effort to atone for the crime during the suspension 
period or abides by law, or his/her family is facing extreme hardship, and he/she is deemed no 
longer dangerous to society, the Court, at the request of Director of the Procuracy, might exempt 
him/her from serving the rest of the sentence. 
5. If a fined person has served part of the sentence and is facing prolonged financial hardship due 
to a natural disaster, conflagration, accident, or disease and thus no longer able to pay the 
remaining fine, or has made reparation in an effort to atone for the crime, the Court, at the 
request of Director of the Procuracy, might exempt him/her from paying the remaining fine. 
6. If a person prohibited from residence or kept under mandatory supervision has served at least 
half the sentence and shows remarkable improvements, the Court, at the request of the criminal 
sentence execution authority of the district where he/she serves the sentence, might exempt 
him/her from serving the rest of the sentence. 
7. The person exempt from serving a sentence as set out in this Article must fulfill the civil 
obligations specified in the judgment. 
