Article 91. Rules for taking actions against juvenile offenders 
1. Actions against juvenile offenders must be taken in their best interests and for the purpose of 
education, helping them to rectify their wrongdoing, develop healthily, and become a helpful 
citizen. 
Actions taken against juvenile offenders depend on their ages, awareness of their criminal acts, 
reasons, and circumstances in which the criminal offences are committed. 
2. A juvenile offender who commits a criminal offence in any of the following cases and has 
more than one mitigating factors, voluntarily repairs the most part of the damage caused may be 
exempt from criminal responsibility and the measures specified in Section 2 of this Chapter, 
provided it is not the case specified in Article 29 hereof: 
a) A person aged from 16 to under 18 commits a less serious crime or serious crime, except for 
the cases specified in Article 134 (deliberate infliction of bodily harm upon another person); 
Article 141 (Rape); Article 171 (Snatching); Article 248 (Illegal manufacture of narcotic 
substances); Article 249 (Illegal storage of narcotic substances); Article 250 (Illegal trafficking 
of narcotic substances); Article 251 (Illegal dealing in narcotic substances); Article 252 
(Appropriation of narcotic substances) hereof;  
b) A person aged from 14 to under 16 deliberately commits a very serious crime or serious crime 
specified in Clause 2 Article 12 hereof, except for the cases specified in Article 134 (homicide); 
Article 134, Clause 4 through 6 (Deliberate infliction of bodily harm upon another person); 
Article 141 (Rape); Article 142 (Rape of a person aged under 16); Article 144 (Non-consensual 
intercourse with a person aged from 13 to under 16); Article 150 (Human trafficking); Article 
151 (Trafficking of a person aged under 16); Article 168 (Robbery); Article 171 (Snatching); 
Article 248 (Illegal manufacture of narcotic substances); Article 249 (Illegal storage of narcotic 
substances); Article 250 (Illegal trafficking of narcotic substances); Article 251 (Illegal dealing 
in narcotic substances); Article 252 (Appropriation of narcotic substances) hereof;  
c) The juvenile offender is an accomplice who has a minor role in the commitment of the 
criminal offence. 
3. Criminal prosecution against a juvenile offender shall only be initiated if necessary with 
account taken of his/her record, the danger to society of his/her offence, and requirements for 
crime prevention. 
4. At the trial, the court shall only impose a sentence upon a juvenile offender if it is considered 
that the exemption of criminal responsibility and application any of the measures specified in 
Section 2 or compulsory education in a correctional institution specified in Section 3 of this 
Chapter do not have sufficient educational and deterrent effects. 
5. Life imprisonment and death sentence shall not be imposed upon a juvenile offender.6. The court shall only impose imprisonment upon a juvenile offender if it is considered that 
other punishments and educational measures do not have sufficient deterrent effects. 
Where imprisonment is necessary, it shall be as short as is reasonable and more lenient that than 
applied to a person aged 18 and above (hereinafter referred to as adult offender) who commits a 
similar crime. 
Additional punishments shall not be shall not be imposed upon a juvenile offender. 
7. A sentence imposed upon an offender aged under 16 shall not be used as the basis for 
determination of recidivism or dangerous recidivism. 
Section 2. SUPERVISORY AND EDUCATIONAL MEASURES IN CASE OF 
EXEMPTION FROM CRIMINAL RESPONSIBILITY 
