Article 134. Deliberate infliction of bodily harm upon another person 
1. A person who deliberately inflicts bodily harm upon another person and causes 11% - 33% 
physical disability or not exceeding 11% physical disability in any of the following cases shall 
face a penalty of up to 03 years' community sentence or 06 - 36 months' imprisonment: 
a) A dangerous weapon or method is used to harm 02 or more people; 
b) Sulfuric acid (H2SO4) or another hazardous chemical is used to inflict bodily harm upon 
another person; 
c) The act results in a mild handicap of the victim; 
d) The offence has been committed more than once; 
dd) The offence is committed against 02 or more people; 
e) The victim is a person aged under 16, a woman whose pregnancy is known by the offender, an 
old and weak, sick , or defenseless person;  
g) The victim is the offender's grandparent, parent, caregiver, or teacher; 
h) The offence is committed by an organized group; 
i) The offence involves abuse of the offender's position or power;k) The offence is committed while the offender is kept in temporary detention, serving his/her 
sentence in a prison or correctional institution or rehabilitation center; 
l) The offender hires another person or is hired to inflict bodily harm to the victim; 
m) The offence is of a gangster-like nature; 
n) Dangerous recidivism; 
o) The offence is made against a law enforcement officer in performance of his/her official 
duties or because of his/her official duties; 
2. A person who deliberately inflicts bodily harm upon another people and causes 11% - 33% 
physical disability in any of the cases specified in Point a, b, d, dd, e, g, h, i, k, l, m, n and o 
Clause 1 of this Article shall face a penalty of 02 - 05 years' imprisonment. 
3. A person who deliberately inflicts bodily harm upon another people and causes 31% - 60% 
physical disability shall face a penalty of 04 07 years' imprisonment. 
4. A person who deliberately inflicts bodily harm upon another people and causes 31% - 60% 
physical disability in any of the cases specified in Point a, b, d, dd, e, g, h, i, k, l, m, n and o 
Clause 1 of this Article shall face a penalty of 07 - 12 years' imprisonment. 
5. A person who deliberately inflicts bodily harm upon another person and causes ≥ 61% 
physical disability, except for the case in Point c Clause 6 of this Article, or the death of the 
victim shall face a penalty of 10 - 15 years' imprisonment. 
6. This offence committed in any of the following cases shall carry a penalty of 12 - 20 years' 
imprisonment or life imprisonment: 
a) The offence results in the death of 02 or more people; 
b) The offence results in bodily harm of 02 or more people, each of whom suffers from ≥ 61% 
physical disability; 
c) The offence results in ≥ 61% physical disability in the victim's face; 
7. Any person who makes preparation for the commitment of this offence shall face a penalty of 
up to 02 years' community sentence or 03 - 24 months' imprisonment. 
